feat(openapi): exposing our spec conversion tooling to a new `:convert` command (#717)
readmeio/rdme: README.md

Similar to the `openapi` command, you can also [omit the file path](#omitting-the-file-path).

#### Converting an API definition

> <!--alex ignore postman-postwoman-->

Reviewer: so funny

You can also convert any Swagger or Postman Collection to an OpenAPI 3.0 definition.

```sh
rdme openapi:convert [url-or-local-path-to-file]
```

Similar to the `openapi` command, you can also [omit the file path](#omitting-the-file-path).

> **Note:**
>

> > All of our OpenAPI commands already do this conversion automatically, but incase you need to utilize this exclusive functionality outside of the context of those you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All of our OpenAPI commands already do this conversion automatically, but in case you need to utilize this exclusive functionality outside of the context of those, you can.
```
